ECE 322 SOFTWARE TESTING AND MAINTENANCE Fall 2015 PROJECT 


Scope 
The objective of the project is to propose, analyze, and evaluate various testing strategies used for testing some selected software system. You may exercise a significant level flexibility in choosing the software to be tested. It could be some requirement document or code you have developed in some previous courses. For instance, the testing could involve Web application, user interface (say, GUI), package of numeric computing or optimization procedures, etc. Both black box and white box (some units) testing is to be completed. If possible, consider using freeware testing tools that could be available on the web. In this case, fully describe this freeware. It is anticipated that you may need to augment the material presented during lectures by studying some additional reference material. Structure and teamwork Teamwork (4 students) is required. The teams interact between themselves. Each team serves as a software developer for some other team by providing software product, requirement document, and a source code of some units. At the same time, the same team realizes testing of software provided by other group. Make sure that the final report clearly identifies responsibilities and contributions of each team member. 


Deadlines 
Proposal submission October 15, 2015 by 3:00 PM 
The proposal should briefly identify the topic of the project (software under testing), outline anticipated testing activities and present a team along with a clearly defined role of each team member. Submit a hardcopy (assignment mailbox). 


Brief progress report November 16, 2015 by 3:00 PM 
Submit 1-2 page report presenting a concise update on the progress of the project. Submit a hardcopy (assignment mailbox). 


Presentation (up to 12 minutes) in class, December 1, 2015 


Final report December 7, 2015 by 3:00 PM 
Your final report should cover the description of the software tested, formulation of the testing strategy, its justification, testing activities, a list of test cases, outcomes of the testing, and conclusions. The report should not exceed 10 pages. Submit a hardcopy (assignment mailbox). Distribution of marks (note that the projects counts for 10% of the total mark in the course) 


Proposal 10% 
Report 50% 
Presentation 40%


Project Proposal
Topic of project: Quentin.jar, Lightweight RPG game
Backup project: Calculator.jar
Anticipated testing activities:  Partition Based Testing with Equivalence Classes, Extreme Point Combination, Control Flow Testing and, Pairwise Testing.
Team Members: Aaron Plamondon, Anson Li, Jonathan Ohman, Quentin Lautischer


Anson Li (Role: White Box)
Aaron Plamondon (Role: White Box)
Quentin Lautischer (Role: Bad Dev / Black Box )
Jonathan Ohman (Role: Black Box)


For each testing method, one person will be assigned the responsibility for the completion of one testing method, but this does not mean that person will have to finish that method on their own. All of our team member can work on and help each other with different testing methods. All team members will work together on one lab report with each member focusing on their designated testing method.  At the end of the lab report, the team will review the report and create a presentation.